feat(curriculum): add bisection method lab (#61253)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/lab-bisection-method/686ccc2c8b967e17ab18d593.md

    - If no value meets the tolerance condition, print a failure message: `Failed to converge within the [maximum] iterations` and return `None`.

# --hints--

You should have a function named `square_root_bisection`.

```js
({ test: () => assert(runPython(`_Node(_code).has_function("square_root_bisection")`)) })
```

Your `square_root_bisection` function should have three parameters.

```js
({ test: () => runPython(`
    import inspect 
    sig = inspect.signature(square_root_bisection)
    assert len(sig.parameters) == 3
`) })
```

You should set a default value for the tolerance and the maximum number of iterations.

```js
({ test: () => runPython(`
try:
  import inspect 
  sig = inspect.signature(square_root_bisection)
  assert len(sig.parameters) == 3
  square_root_bisection(4)
except TypeError:
  assert False
`) })
```

Your `square_root_bisection` function should raise a `ValueError` with the message `Square root of negative number is not defined in real numbers` when the number passed to the function is negative.

```js
({ test: () => runPython(`
try:
  square_root_bisection(-6)
except ValueError as e:

>   assert str(e) == "Square root of negative number is not defined in real numbers"

Reviewer: For consistency:

```suggestion
  assert str(e) == 'Square root of negative number is not defined in real numbers'
```
